This process is outlined in
the supplemental material,
that is attached to this video.
The first thing we want to do is download
a Linux VDI, or virtual disk image.
To do that, we'll go to
VirtualBoxImages.com, in this case,
I'm looking for CentOS.
I'm gonna find that in the right-hand
column, and I'm looking for desktop.
There it is, now I'm just going
to click the download link, and
let that start downloading.
If you follow the document
that's attached to this video,
you won't have to search
around their website.
In order to download the image,
I've provided links to the page,
and the direct download link for
you as well.
While that one is downloading,
let's look for Ubuntu.
You don't have to download both images,
you can just pick one and download it.
You can look at the centOS page, and
see if that appeals to you in any way,
if it does download that one,
if it doesn't try Ubuntu.
The files that you download
are actually archives, so
we'll need some sort of software to
extract the contents of those archives.
For Windows, we'll use Free WinUnRAR,
you can open up a web browser, and
search in Google for F-W-I-N-U-N-R-A-R.
We'll pull up the website, and
then download the installation file.
To perform the installation,
open the file, and accept the defaults.
In this case just click Install,
and then Close.
Now you can find the archive that
you downloaded, right click on it,
and click extract.
And you can see that in this archive,
there were three files.
For Mac users, we can use UnRarX,
you can download that
from U-N-R-A-R-X dot com.
Once it's downloaded, double-click
on the zip archive to extract it,
and then drag that to
your applications folder.
To extract the contents of the archive,
just double-click on the file
that you downloaded.
And you can see that in this archive,
there were three files from this point on,
the process is the same whether
you're using Windows or Mac.
Start VirtualBox, click New,
give your virtual machine a name,
either centOS or Ubuntu.
You can leave the RAM at the default,
if you have extra you can add some more.
Choose use an existing
virtual hard drive file.
Click the folder, and navigate to where
you extracted the virtual disk image.
Click create, now click on the green
arrow to start your virtual machine.
In this example, I'm using CentOS,
you can see that it boots up.
At the login screen, I will use the
password that is in the documentation, and
as of right now that username,
and password is adminuser.
Now that we see it works, I'm just
going to close the web browser, and
shut down the OS.
Now you have your very own copy of Linux,
that you can use with this course.